all right well we're live so T crusher
do the introduction please what's up
everybody you remember me t question 31
I think I'm like the fourth loser the
black lavender I'm a little intro get
you a hook up right here yo black
lavender give us a shout out for your
plan oh you guys I'll know it's fine now
we got the black clan over here in the
blue corner and t crushers subbing in
hell yeah all right why it's not mad
give us a shout out for your claim why I
saw clan brand new to YouTube getting
there slowly and we have sm gold sub in
there we go chicken noodle so here we go
we gotta see oh yeah yes angeles town
2025 team deathmatch to a hundred we
gotta concast to too much to one two
three and this game's gonna get poppin
let's do it alright i like that no
lethal no tacticals no shotguns take a
new pic stick your new shout out to eat
noodles give a soda on the side twitter
hashtag chicken noodle blood first
ballistic chicken ooh I'll trying to
fuck a girl the other night and I came I
know he's dark force is authorized we
under that tree
Oh God nice little double kill
oh haha you got me going in the garage
oh we got them in the 40-degree west
corner west corner west corner I repeat
south corner it's weird in OC forum
usages hucking them all right shields
disabled
I got the energy sword you guys energy
sword yeah I can't find a sniper rifle
dude
ah
some money the axe of despair I got the
wizard warrior out wizard warrior engage
aha man
this is maham out here on Nuketown we're
fucking just flipping the spots against
rape okay I I'm drawing right because
like
No
man I just got us it's got a sick feed
right there I think it's like five
people
you gotta fuckin kill numba fuckin even
hit haha oh I spawn behind him that's so
messed up ah you got me the beautiful
PDW all right Oh God running circles why
are we pushing so fucking hard Jesus
Christ
if you had it yeah too bad there's no
score streaks this would be a beefy like
hellstorm missile map a storm is that a
new kill streak I shouldn't popped up
yet that was not cool oh my god four
days I know as long as we get the kills
it's all good i guess i'm actually doing
quite well
oh you just be lying to yourself ah he
was trailing me for a while take a
different approach no I don't care about
that oh not okay
fucking rich yeah spawn switch reloading
they are in the fort I repeat fort
Pendleton
ah he was up top he's one up top in the
window Bremer's at a house may I am out
there oh yeah look at that spawn baby
and that's a wrap t crusher let's wrap
this up as you can see it the power of
effective we took this why it's our clan
down to the ground you know they put up
a good fight thank you y estar miss and
your whole team for playing and
participating in this great event black
lavenders thank you for subbing me in to
have a great time and have a even more
better time breaking them okay you're
going to ham yeah just tuned in to tune
into sports center tomorrow to see the
highlights of between 9 p.m. and 10pm
it's about it oh yeah yeah chicken
noodle Thank You Campbell's chicken
noodle soup for sponsoring this event J
nasty where you at I'm throwing that out
there hold on hold on hold on nasty
it'll be scared I'll find you and I will
suck